c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Remote_Notepad.Service\Remote_Notepad.Service\bin\Debug\Remote_Notepad.Service.exe.config
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Remote_Notepad.Service\Remote_Notepad.Service\bin\Debug\Remote_Notepad.Service.exe
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Remote_Notepad.Service\Remote_Notepad.Service\bin\Debug\Remote_Notepad.Service.pdb
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Remote_Notepad.Service\Remote_Notepad.Service\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Remote_Notepad.Service\Remote_Notepad.Service\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Remote_Notepad.Service\Remote_Notepad.Service\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Remote_Notepad.Service\Remote_Notepad.Service\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Remote_Notepad.Service\Remote_Notepad.Service\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Remote_Notepad.Service\Remote_Notepad.Service\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Remote_Notepad.Service\Remote_Notepad.Service\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Remote_Notepad.Service\Remote_Notepad.Service\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Remote_Notepad.Service\Remote_Notepad.Service\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Remote_Notepad.Service\Remote_Notepad.Service\bin\Debug\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Remote_Notepad.Service\Remote_Notepad.Service\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Remote_Notepad.Service\Remote_Notepad.Service\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Remote_Notepad.Service\Remote_Notepad.Service\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Remote_Notepad.Service\Remote_Notepad.Service\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Remote_Notepad.Service\Remote_Notepad.Service\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Remote_Notepad.Service\Remote_Notepad.Service\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Remote_Notepad.Service\Remote_Notepad.Service\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Remote_Notepad.Service\Remote_Notepad.Service\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Remote_Notepad.Service\Remote_Notepad.Service\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics.resources.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Remote_Notepad.Service\Remote_Notepad.Service\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.resources.dll
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Remote_Notepad.Service\Remote_Notepad.Service\obj\Debug\Remote_Notepad.Service.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Remote_Notepad.Service\Remote_Notepad.Service\obj\Debug\Remote_Notepad.Service.exe
c:\users\dev\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Remote_Notepad.Service\Remote_Notepad.Service\obj\Debug\Remote_Notepad.Service.pdb
C:\Users\dev\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Remote_Notepad.Service\Remote_Notepad.Service\bin\Debug\Remote_Notepad.Service.Domain.dll
C:\Users\dev\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Remote_Notepad.Service\Remote_Notepad.Service\bin\Debug\Remote_Notepad.Service.Domain.pdb
